This repository accompanies the paper " **Exploring Direct Electrochemical Fischer-Tropsch Synthesis of $C_1-C_7$ Hydrocarbons via perimeter engineering of $Au-SrTiO_3$ catalyst** " 
by Ju Hyun Yang, Gi Beom Sim, So Jeong Park, Choong Kyun Rhee, Chang Woo Myung, Youngku Sohn.
* ```Data/``` contains inputs and outputs of 1) machine learning global optimization of Au50-STO, 2) CO adsorption site sampling, 3) geometry relaxation, and 4) vibrational frequency calculation of carbon reduction reaction intermediates.
* ```Figures/``` contains figures in the paper that obtained from ```Data/```.
* ```Scripts/``` contains Jupyter notebook and Python scripts that can reproduce figures.


## Paper abstract
Traditionally, Fischer–Tropsch (FT) synthesis is performed using thermal catalysts and syngas (CO and H2) under high-pressure and high-temperature conditions. However, this study introduces an approach that relies on the electrochemical (EC) FT synthesis under ambient conditions. A series of CH4, CnH2n, and CnH2n+2 hydrocarbons (C1-C7) was successfully produced over Au nanoparticle-loaded perovskite strontium titanate (SrTiO3) nanostructures grown on rutile TiO2 supported on Ti. Au (4.8 nm)-SrTiO3 showed the best interface formation, with the highest Faradaic efficiency for C2+ hydrocarbons. This direct EC-FT process proceeds via a CC coupling chain growth reaction at the Au-SrTiO3 interface as evidenced by the hydrocarbon weight distribution analysis and density functional theory calculations. The robust combination of experimental and computational findings reveals that optimum conditions for producing surface hydrogenation and C-C coupling polymerization, initiated by surface *CO and H*, are achieved by controlling the undercoordinated Au at the perimeter sites of supported Au nanoparticles and by ensuring a harmonized density of states between Au and SrTiO3. This EC-FT process opens a promising avenue for the direct conversion of CO2 and H2O into value-added long-chain hydrocarbons.
